The program works great. Now, I'd like to edit it to add functionality
and change a few things. I would now like to analyze the sequence
context around each duplex fragment end. For that, we'll need to
specify the reference genome as input to the program. I want to
display the sequence context around each 5-prime and 3-prime end
point, broken down by the type of overhang that is present in the
duplex. Here are specific changes to make:

1. The program should require the reference genome to which the
sequences were aligned. This should come in via the -f option. The
program should use the HTS library to access this sequence data.

2. The program should include data structures and functions for
recording observed numbers of short k-mers. The default length should
be 6. The data structure should be an array that is indexed by a
number that represents a specific kmer. The coversion between a kmer
and this index number should use the code 00 = A, 01 = C, 10 = G, and
11 = T. Any kmer with an N or X or other character should be
ignored. In this way, a kmer can be represented as a bitstring. That
bitstring can then be interpreted as an unsigned int. This unsigned
int can be used to address a specific value in an array of all kmers
of the specific length. The array should record how many kmers of that
type have been observed. The functions for creating, accessing, and
managing kmers can be written as its own source C file with its own
header file to be included in the main program.

3. In the main program, kmer arrays should be created for each
possible overhang type and length. Two kmer arrays should be created
for each overhang type and length. One kmer array will record kmer
occurances around the DNA fragment whose 5-prime end is involved in
the overhang type. The other kmer array will be for the DNA fragment
whose 3-prime end is invovled in the overhang type and length.

4. In the main program, after a duplex is found, we want to analyze
both ends, i.e., the upper coordinate one and the lower coordinate
one. Once the type is determined, find the position of the end-point
of the strand whose 5-prime end is involved. Then, query the reference
genome to find the kmer that spans this end point. For example, if
position 100 in the genome is the 5-prime most base, then the k-mer of
length 6 will be bases 97, 98, 99, 100, 101, and 102. Increment this
kmer observation in the appropriate kmer array. The kmer should always
be recorded in the 5-prime to 3-prime direction. This will require
reverse complementing the kmer sequence taken from the genome for the
strands that are mapped to the negative strand of the genome.

5. Do Number 4 for both the Lower and upper coordinates of each
duplex. There is no need to keep these separate anymore.

6. Currently, to find the upper coordinate mapping positions, we
currently just add the length of the aligned sequence to the alignment
start position. This can be wrong if the alignment includes
gaps. Analyze the CIGAR string or use HTS lib functions to find the
alignment end genome coordinate for each mapped read, taking into account an
insertions or deletions in the alignment. This should be done when
constructing the FR RR ReadArray structs.

7. The output of the program should be a row for every possible k-mer.
For example, if k is 6, there should be 4 to the power of six rows of
output. The columns should be the observed numbers of that kmer around
the endpoints of each type, length and strand end of the duplexes. There
are three types (blunt, 5-prime, and 3-prime). There are
MAX_OVERHANG_TRACK lengths. There are two strand ends: 5-prime and
3-prime.
